helm: enable resource defaults on rook components (#9894)
rook/rook: Documentation/helm-ceph-cluster.md

  are only an example and not likely to apply to your cluster.
* The `monitoring` section should be removed from the `cephClusterSpec`, as it is specified separately in the helm settings.
* The default values for `cephBlockPools`, `cephFileSystems`, and `CephObjectStores` will create one of each, and their corresponding storage classes.

> * All Ceph components now have default values for the pod resources. The default resources can be disabled by modifying them in values.yaml

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
* All Ceph components now have default values for the pod resources. The resources may need to be adjusted in production clusters depending on the load. The resources can also be disabled if Ceph should not be limited (e.g. test clusters).
```

Author: looks good, I'll use this note
